Now, in the previous lesson project,
we have used promises and features to pass data between threads.
A vehicle entered an intersection and send a promise to the waiting queue,
and as soon as it receives clearance to proceed by other feature,
it entered the intersection without danger from other vehicles.
Now the promised future pair in this example is for one time use only,
and only works in a single direction.
It would be much easier to mutually access a shared memory location,
for example, the intersection waiting huge directly.
Now the concept of a mutual exclusion or a mutex for short,
gives us this option.
We can safely lock a shared resource,
modify it, and then unlock it again once we're done with it.
Now this concepts gives us a great deal of flexibility but of course,
also brings along some new pitfalls we must avoid.
So let's take a look.